<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Contributing to PageEdit</title>
  <link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 id="developer">Contributing to PageEdit</h1>

  <p class="h2subheading">&#x2014; Helping Development &#x2014;</p>

  <p>PageEdit is completely free and open-source software, and it is developed and supported entirely by volunteers who love books and want well-edited ebooks to be easily available. Your entirely optional contributions can help improve PageEdit and show your appreciation for making the software available. Feel free to just say hi on the PageEdit forum and let others know how useful PageEdit is to you.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc" id="translating">Translating PageEdit</h3>

  <p>Translating PageEdit into other languages is highly encouraged. There is an active community of volunteers who translate PageEdit already, and new languages can always be added.</p>

  <p>The best way to translate PageEdit is to use the web based translation system provided by Transifex. Translations done using Transifex are downloaded just before releasing a new version:</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://www.transifex.com/zdpo/sigil/base_pageeditts/">PageEdit translations @ Transifex</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Alternatively you can use local Desktop tools for translation. PageEdit uses Qt’s Linguist tool for creating and editing translations. You can either download Qt and compile the tools manually or use the pre-built packages:</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="http://code.google.com/p/photivo/downloads/detail?name=translator-tools-win32.zip">Pre-built Translation tools</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Updating and creating new translation files using the Desktop tools is the same process:</p>

  <ul>
    <li>Open a terminal and change to the <span class="example">src/PageEdit/Resource_Files/ts</span> directory. This holds all the raw translation files.</li>

    <li>Run <span class="example">lupdate ../../ * -ts out.ts</span> to either generate a new translation file or to update an existing one with any new strings that have been added.</li>

    <li>Use Linguist to write translations for the strings in a given ts file.</li>
  </ul>

  <p>All translations files should have the form <span class="example">base_pageedit_lang.ts</span>. Where lang is a two letter language code. For example the Polish translation will have the file name <span class="example">base_pageedit_pl.ts</span>.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Assisting Users</h3>

  <p>If you are an experienced PageEdit user, HTML expert, or working your way there, you can help by answering questions or commenting on your experiences – primarily at the official PageEdit Forum at MobileRead. You can also check issues on the development website and add comments.</p>

  <h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Coding</h3>

  <p>If you are a C++ programmer and have suggestions for improvements or bug fixes you are welcome to submit patches for consideration.</p>

<!-- h3 class="sigil_not_in_toc">Donations</h3>

  <p>The PageEdit User Guide is free. If you have found it useful, you can say thanks by <a href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&amp;hosted_button_id=UEAZTDD8CBSZQ">donating directly to the author</a>.</p-->
</body>
</html>