<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Installation</title>
  <link href="../Styles/styles.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head>

<body>
  <h1 id="installation">Installation</h1>

  <p class="h1subheading">— Getting Started —</p>

  <p>You can download the latest version of PageEdit from <a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/PageEdit">the official PageEdit website</a> and install it for your OS.</p>

  <h3 id="installation_windows">Windows</h3>

  <p>PageEdit is supported on Windows 7 and later.</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/PageEdit/releases">Download PageEdit for Windows.</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Double-click the file to run the installer, e.g.:</p>

  <ul>
    <li><span class="example">PageEdit_0.9.5-Win_x64.exe</span></li>
  </ul>

  <p>It’ll extract a folder called PageEdit.</p>

  <p>Move that PageEdit folder to a location that you’ll remember. For example: <span class="example">C:\Program Files\PageEdit</span>.</p>

  <h3 id="installation_mac">macOS</h3>

  <p>PageEdit is supported on macOS 10.9 (Mountain Lion) x64 bit Intel or later</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/PageEdit/releases">Download PageEdit for macOS.</a></li>
  </ul>

  <p>Unpack the TXZ file and drag the PageEdit.app file to your Applications folder, e.g.</p>

  <ul>
    <li><span class="example">PageEdit.app-0.9.5-Mac.txz</span></li>
  </ul>

  <h3 id="installation_linux">Linux</h3>

  <p>A binary version of PageEdit is not available due to the number of versions of Linux.</p>

  <p>However, since the source code is freely available, you can build from source for your version of Linux. And due to the effort of many volunteers, there is most likely a pre-packaged version of PageEdit built for your Linux distribution available online:</p>

  <ul>
    <li class="indent"><a href="https://github.com/Sigil-Ebook/PageEdit/blob/master/README.md">Building PageEdit On Linux</a></li>
  </ul>
</body>
</html>